c:\users\kjkjh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homework 05. Cloud Services\IronMqChatService\bin\Debug\IronMqChatService.exe
c:\users\kjkjh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homework 05. Cloud Services\IronMqChatService\bin\Debug\IronMqChatService.pdb
c:\users\kjkjh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homework 05. Cloud Services\IronMqChatService\bin\Debug\IronSharp.Core.dll
c:\users\kjkjh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homework 05. Cloud Services\IronMqChatService\bin\Debug\IronSharp.IronCache.dll
c:\users\kjkjh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homework 05. Cloud Services\IronMqChatService\bin\Debug\IronSharp.IronMQ.dll
c:\users\kjkjh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homework 05. Cloud Services\IronMqChatService\bin\Debug\IronSharp.IronWorker.dll
c:\users\kjkjh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homework 05. Cloud Services\IronMqChatService\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\kjkjh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homework 05. Cloud Services\IronMqChatService\bin\Debug\IronSharp.Core.pdb
c:\users\kjkjh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homework 05. Cloud Services\IronMqChatService\bin\Debug\IronSharp.IronCache.pdb
c:\users\kjkjh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homework 05. Cloud Services\IronMqChatService\bin\Debug\IronSharp.IronMQ.pdb
c:\users\kjkjh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homework 05. Cloud Services\IronMqChatService\bin\Debug\IronSharp.IronWorker.pdb
c:\users\kjkjh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homework 05. Cloud Services\IronMqChatService\obj\Debug\IronMqChatService.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\kjkjh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homework 05. Cloud Services\IronMqChatService\obj\Debug\IronMqChatService.exe
c:\users\kjkjh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homework 05. Cloud Services\IronMqChatService\obj\Debug\IronMqChatService.pdb
c:\users\kjkjh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homework 05. Cloud Services\IronMqChatService\bin\Debug\IronMqChatService.exe.config
c:\users\kjkjh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homework 05. Cloud Services\IronMqChatService\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.Core.dll
c:\users\kjkjh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homework 05. Cloud Services\IronMqChatService\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.dll
c:\users\kjkjh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homework 05. Cloud Services\IronMqChatService\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.pdb
c:\users\kjkjh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homework 05. Cloud Services\IronMqChatService\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.xml
c:\users\kjkjh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homework 05. Cloud Services\IronMqChatService\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.Core.pdb
c:\users\kjkjh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homework 05. Cloud Services\IronMqChatService\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.Core.xml
c:\users\kjkjh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Homework 05. Cloud Services\IronMqChatService\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
